[iterator.concept.winc] Improve paragraph's indexing and grammar (#4470)
cplusplus/draft: source/iterators.tex

\pnum
A type \tcode{I} is an \defnadj{integer-class}{type}

> if it is in a set of implementation-defined class types

Author: ```suggestion
if it is in a set of \impldef{integer-class types} class types
```
How does that look?

Reviewer: make it singular inside the \impldef

Author: Fixed.
